Fix docstrings for diagonalizing gates (#2981)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Documentation</h3>

> * Corrects the docstrings for diagonalizing gates for all relevant operations. The docstrings used to say that the diagonalizing gates implemented $U$, the unitary such that $O = U \Sigma U^{\dagger}$, where $O$ is the original operation and $\Sigma$ the diagonal matrix. However, the diagonalizing gates actually implement $U^{\dagger}$, since $\langle \psi | O | \psi \rangle = \langle \psi | U \Sigma U^{\dagger} | \psi \rangle$, making $U^{\dagger} | \psi \rangle$ the actual state being measured in the $Z$-basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Corrects the docstrings for diagonalizing gates for all relevant operations. The docstrings used to say that the diagonalizing gates implemented $U$, the unitary such that $O = U \Sigma U^{\dagger}$, where $O$ is the original observable and $\Sigma$ a diagonal matrix. However, the diagonalizing gates actually implement $U^{\dagger}$, since $\langle \psi | O | \psi \rangle = \langle \psi | U \Sigma U^{\dagger} | \psi \rangle$, making $U^{\dagger} | \psi \rangle$ the actual state being measured in the $Z$-basis.
```
